Privacy Policy
 
 

Personal Data
We do NOT collect and share Personal Information in any way.

Other Data
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Apps. We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms ("Advertising Entities") to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Apps. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they may share with us, including your device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, network type, device language, and IP address. Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements, such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
 
Links to third-party websites and services
 
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that Magnifier will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
 
Compliance with laws and law enforcement
 
SonkySoft reserves the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to: (1) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us; (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property (3) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and conditions of using our Apps and Services.
